[MUSIC]
In today's environment highly data driven
organizations are making better and
faster decisions.
At PwC we believe data and analytics can
make a huge difference when it comes to
the most significant decisions about the
strategic direction of an organization.
Now, let's take a look at how data
helps organizations make decisions.
>> Businesses make thousands
of decisions a day.
Most are routine,
many are underpinned by data.
A growing number can be automated, but
what happens when it comes to decisions
that go beyond day to day operations?
Decisions that will shift the course
of a business, or even an industry, and
shape the world we live in.
[MUSIC]
These are what we call big decisions.
They set the direction for the business
and are both high value and high stakes.
[MUSIC]
Big decisions are made frequently and
revisited often.
They can be reactive, forced by
circumstances beyond our control.
Executives tell us their decision
making lacks the sophistication and
speed they need for competitive advantage,
the sophistication to reach
clarity on critical decisions,
creatively use new sources of data,
use analytics to assess options and
estimate value.
And the speed to opportunistically
make decisions, quickly source and
experiment with new data, monitor results,
and adjust decision making.
To think as expansively as
technology makes possible,
we need to bring together our most
powerful assets, the art of instinct and
experience with the science of data and
analytics.
So the decisions like growing or
shrinking the business or collaborating
with competitors are seen more clearly.
We will have more opportunities to
identify, model, and map multiple futures,
reducing the risks of innovation and
accelerating the decision making process.
So that we'll not only be there for
the next big breakthrough,
we'll be leading the field.
Executives in highly data driven
organizations are three times more likely
to report significant
improvements in their decisions.
So, in a world where opportunities
are more complex and more accelerated, and
technology will continue to deliver
evermore data, inform our experience
with analytical power for
those decisions that really count.
By blending the art of leadership and
judgment with
the science of analytics excellence,
we can make better and faster decisions.
Learn more about improving your ability
to compete with our practical advice on
better decision making.
Get started by visiting our website.
[MUSIC]
>> In this video,
you heard how organizations make
thousands of decisions every day.
Some are simple, but
some are very complex and
can shift the course of a business or
industry.
These big decisions set the direction for
a business.
Data and
analytics help solve these problems.
In the next video,
Anand Rao will introduce the data and
analytics framework.
Anand is a principal in PwC's data and
analytics team.
He is our Innovation Lead,
Global Co-lead for
Future of Insurance 2020, and
an artificial intelligence specialist.
Anand will discuss how the data and
analytics framework can be applied
consistently to solve problems.
[MUSIC]